README.md, before:

# avc frontendmentor-stuff

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/551c4d3a-44a8-4a6f-8700-268b00a56586/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/avc-frontendmentor/deploys)

This repo is for listing [my frontendmentor stuff](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Ativerc).

Deployed [here](https://avc-frontendmentor-stuff.netlify.app/).


## Notes for me!
### Starting a new challenge on FEM:
1. Download challenge.zip file
2. extract the folder inside it to a folder named `frontendmentor-stuff/N-frontendmentor-project-name/Solution`. N is the serial number of the project.
3. Remove `project-name/Solution/README-template.md`
   1. Use the `frontendmentor-stuff/myREADMEtemplate.md` to make the project's `README.md`. Don't use FEM's provided template. My template has been customised a bit.


### Completion Checklist:
- 
- Final commit message for a project should be `feat: <frontendmentor-challenge-name> complete`
  - Any fixes should have commit message as `fix: <Project Name> - <What was fixed>`
  - Use https://www.conventionalcommits.org wherever possible.
- Update index.html with the links to the project and add commit message `chore: index.html updated with <project-name>'s links`

Commit message:

chore: Root README.md updated

README.md, after:

# avc frontendmentor-stuff

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/551c4d3a-44a8-4a6f-8700-268b00a56586/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/avc-frontendmentor/deploys)

This repo is for listing [my frontendmentor stuff](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Ativerc).

Deployed [here](https://avc-frontendmentor-stuff.netlify.app/).


## Notes for me!
### Starting a new challenge on FEM:
1. Download challenge.zip file
2. extract the folder inside it to a folder named `frontendmentor-stuff/N-frontendmentor-project-name/Solution`. N is the serial number of the project.
3. Remove `project-name/Solution/README-template.md`
   1. Use the `frontendmentor-stuff/myREADMEtemplate.md` to make the project's `README.md`. Don't use FEM's provided template. My template has been customised a bit.


### Completion Checklist:
- Final commit message for a project should be `feat: <frontendmentor-challenge-name> complete`
  - Any fixes should have commit message as `fix: <Project Name> - <What was fixed>`
  - Use https://www.conventionalcommits.org wherever possible.
- Update 
  - the project's README.md with live URL and solution URL.
  - root index.html with the links to the project.
  - Commit message: `chore: Updated project's README.md and index.html`
